README.md, before:

# Online Survey

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.7.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` or `npm start` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `ng build` or `npm run build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` or `npm run test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).
It will also generate unit test coverage report. To see the coverage report open the index file located at `coverage/index.html` in the borwser.

## Project Documentation

This project is setup with the automated documentaion.
To generate the automated documents run `npm run generate-docs` this will generate the project documents under the `documentation/` directory.

Generated documentation can be seen by launching `index.html` from generated coverage folder in your browser. You can also serve documentation on local server just run `npm run serve-docs` and open : `http://127.0.0.1:8080`


## Project Seed Mock Data
This project uses the mock data which is used to bootstrap the application. The seed data can be found in `src/assets/survey-mock.ts` file.
Feel free to manuplate this file to get the desired result of survey questions.

Commit message:

Updated README with the project hosted demo links

README.md, after:

# Online Survey

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.7.3.

Demo link : https://rahulbhammarker.github.io/online-survey

Project Unit Test Coverage Report : https://rahulbhammarker.github.io/online-survey/coverage

Project Documentations : https://rahulbhammarker.github.io/online-survey/documentation

## Development server

Run `ng serve` or `npm start` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `ng build` or `npm run build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Project Seed Mock Data
This project uses the mock data which is used to bootstrap the application. The seed data can be found in `src/assets/survey-mock.ts` file.
Feel free to manuplate this file to get the desired result of survey questions.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` or `npm run test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).
It will also generate unit test coverage report. To see the coverage report open the index file located at `coverage/index.html` in the borwser.

## Project Documentation

This project is setup with the automated documentaion.
To generate the automated documents run `npm run generate-docs` this will generate the project documents under the `documentation/` directory.

Generated documentation can be seen by launching `index.html` from generated coverage folder in your browser. You can also serve documentation on local server just run `npm run serve-docs` and open : `http://127.0.0.1:8080`
